Update the readme and contributing files (#525)
astropy/astropy-tutorials: README.md

have [Jupyter notebook](http://jupyter.org/) and IPython installed and will need
to install the tutorial dependencies specified in `pip-requirements.txt`:

    python -m pip install -r pip-requirements.txt

To check that your environment is set up to run the tutorials, you can use the
Makefile provided in this repository with the custom `envcheck` command:

    make envcheck

If this line fails, your environment is missing packages, and you should run the
pip install line shown above.

The notebook files themselves live in the `tutorials` directory of this
repository, organized by the names of the tutorials. These can be opened with
Jupyter notebook as with any other notebook files.

## Run the tutorials on Binder

You can also get started with a remote environment to run the tutorial notebooks
in your browser using [Binder](http://mybinder.org)

[![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/astropy/astropy-tutorials/main?filepath=tutorials)

Contributing tutorial material
------------------------------

We are always interested in incorporating new tutorials into Learn Astropy and

> the Astropy Tutorials series. If you have Astropy or Astropy affiliated
> package-related tutorials that you would like to contribute to this repository,
> or if you have a separate tutorial series that you would like indexed by the
> Learn Astropy website, please see the [Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Astropy Tutorials series. We welcome tutorials covering astro-relevant topics and they do not 
necessarily need to use the Astropy package in order to be hosted or indexed here.
If you have astronomy tutorials that you would like to contribute to this repository,
or if you have a separate tutorial series that you would like indexed by the
Learn Astropy website, please see the [Contributing
```
